{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13200\viewh11920\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 README:\

\b0 \

\b Saving and loading:
\b0 \
-PsyExp can save and load .psych files. The files contain the trial data.\
\
-PsyExp can also export the trial data as a .csv (comma separated values) file. This can be done by going to File --> Save A Copy As, and choosing .csv from the file type menu in the save window. These .csv files can be imported into Excel, probably SPSS, Matlab, R, pandas, or pretty much any other relevant data analysis program, API, or library.\
\
\

\b Preferences:
\b0 \
-You can set some of the experimental parameters by going (in the top menu bar) to PsyExp_v1.0 --> preferences. Some of them are a bit redundant, but it shouldn't let you put in anything that will mess up the experiment. There is a design flaw that if you put in weird numbers for the X and Y divisions parameters things will look screwy, but that doesn't really matter all that much for the current experiment so I never really got around to fixing it.\
\
-You may have to restart the application if you change some preferences mid-experiment (which we will never do).\
\
- Preferences are application wide, and are not specific to each document. This means that if we change preferences for one variant, the application will default to these new preferences next time it is opened.\
\

\b \
Creating New Participants:
\b0 \
-You can begin running a new participant by going to File --> New Participant. This will begin an entirely new session, but the data will be saved in the same file.\
\

\b Viewing Data:
\b0 \
-You can take a quick look at the data contained in the open file by going to Window --> Show Data. It won't let you delete trials, and I didn't add support for selecting multiple rows or cells or anything, so any of that sort of thing needs to be done in Excel or your data analysis thing.\
\
If you read this and/or run the program, let me know if you find any problems that need to be fixed.}